i have noticed when i try to access the website from my ussusual chrome it shows Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token '<'blank page but when I try incognito the website runs perfectly .


ChatGPT said:
Thanks for sharing that — the behavior you're describing strongly suggests a caching issue or corrupted service worker in your usual Chrome session.

Here’s a breakdown of the issue and how to fix it:

💡 Why you're seeing Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token '<'
This error typically means that your browser is trying to interpret an HTML file as JavaScript — often because:

A JavaScript file couldn't be loaded correctly and was replaced with an HTML error page (like a 404 Not Found).

Your browser is loading cached HTML instead of the correct JS bundle.

So when your browser expects something like this in a JS file:

js
Copy
Edit
function() { ... }
But instead gets something like this:

html
Copy
Edit
<!DOCTYPE html><html><head>...
It throws:

sh
Copy
Edit
Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token '<'
✅ Why it works in Incognito
Incognito mode runs with a fresh cache and no service workers, meaning it's unaffected by any corrupted assets or old service workers lingering in your main profile.

🔧 How to fix it
Option 1: Hard refresh and cache clear (quick fix)
Open your site in the tab with the issue.

Press:

Windows/Linux: Ctrl + Shift + R

Mac: Cmd + Shift + R
This forces Chrome to bypass the cache.

Still not fixed? Manually clear the cache:

Press F12 to open DevTools.

Right-click the reload button (🔄).

Choose “Empty Cache and Hard Reload.”

Option 2: Remove service worker and cache manually
Go to DevTools → Application tab.

In the left sidebar, under Service Workers, click your site.

If a service worker is listed, click “Unregister.”

Under “Clear Storage,” check everything and click “Clear site data.”

Option 3: Disable cache for debugging
While DevTools is open:

Go to the Network tab.

Check the “Disable cache” box.

Reload the page.

🛠️ Developer tip (for future prevention)
Make sure your deployment on Vercel includes proper cache headers and handles 404s or fallback routes correctly in Next.js. For example, if you're using next export, ensure your out directory includes the correct files and routes.

Also, validate that your next.config.js or rewrites don't return HTML when the client expects JS.